Added documentation page for aws-privateca-issuer (#861)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/configuration/external/aws-privateca-issuer/_index.md

---
title: "AWS Private CA Issuer"
linkTitle: "AWS Private CA Issuer"
weight: 60
type: "docs"
---

> Kubernetes containers and applications use digital certificates to provide secure authentication and encryption over TLS. A widely adopted solution for TLS certificate life-cycle management in Kubernetes is cert-manager, an add-on to Kubernetes that requests certificates, distributes them to Kubernetes containers, and automates certificate renewal.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think this line can be removed since as the reader is already on cert-manager website
```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: No action. This documentation will be available on AWS tech docs via a link. It needs to provide context for multiple audiences.

> ACM Private CA provides an open-source plug-in to cert-manager, [aws-privateca-issuer](https://github.com/cert-manager/aws-privateca-issuer), that allows customers who use cert-manager to improve security over the default cert-manager CA, which stores keys in plaintext in server memory. Customers with regulatory requirements for controlling access to and auditing their CA operations can use this solution to improve auditability and support compliance. You can use the AWS Private CA Issuer plugin with Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS), a self-managed Kubernetes on AWS, or in on-premises Kubernetes.

Reviewer: Suggestion (customers -> users, also CA issuer is not really the 'default' cert-manager issuer- I think it would make sense to specify that this refers specifically to cases where one wishes to set up a private CA?)
```suggestion
ACM Private CA provides an open-source plug-in to cert-manager, [aws-privateca-issuer](https://github.com/cert-manager/aws-privateca-issuer), that allows cert-manager users who wish to set up a private CA to improve security by ensuring private keys are not stored in cluster. Users with regulatory requirements for controlling access to and auditing their CA operations can use this solution to improve auditability and support compliance. You can use the AWS Private CA Issuer plugin with Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS), a self-managed Kubernetes on AWS, or in on-premises Kubernetes.
```

Reviewer 2: Applied:
...
ACM Private CA provides an open-source plug-in to cert-manager, [aws-privateca-issuer](https://github.com/cert-manager/aws-privateca-issuer), for cert-manager users who want to set up a CA without storing private keys in the cluster. Users with regulatory requirements for controlling access to and auditing their CA operations can use this solution to improve auditability and support compliance.
...

> The diagram below shows some of the options available for using TLS with a Kubernetes cluster. This example cluster, containing various resources, is situated behind a load balancer. The numbers identify possible end-points for TLS-secured communications, including the external load balancer, the ingress controller, an individual pod within a service, and a pair of pods communicating securely with each other.

Reviewer: Praise: the diagram and the detailed descriptions are great!

> The diagram below shows some of the options available for using TLS with a Kubernetes cluster. This example cluster, containing various resources, is situated behind a load balancer. The numbers identify possible end-points for TLS-secured communications, including the external load balancer, the ingress controller, an individual pod within a service, and a pair of pods communicating securely with each other.

Reviewer: Suggestion: (since the diagram and later option descriptions talk about EKS and ELB specifically)
```suggestion
The diagram below shows some of the options available for using TLS in an EKS cluster. This example cluster, containing various resources, is situated behind a load balancer. The numbers identify possible end-points for TLS-secured communications, including the external load balancer, the ingress controller, an individual pod within a service, and a pair of pods communicating securely with each other.
```

Reviewer 2: Applied in AWS tech docs. 

Thanks for the improvements.

![Diagram showing the places in a network where encrypted traffic can be terminated](kubernetes-pca.png)

1. Termination at the load balancer.

    Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) is an AWS Certificate Manager integrated service, which means that you can provision ACM with a private CA, sign a certificate with it, and install it using using the ELB console. This solution provides encrypted communication between a remote client and the load balancer. Data is passed unencrypted to the EKS cluster. Alternatively, you could provide a private certificate to a non-AWS load balancer to terminate TLS.

2. Termination at the Kubernetes ingress controller.

    The ingress controller resides inside the EKS cluster as a native load balancer and router. If you have installed both cert-manager and aws-privateca-issuer, and provisioned the cluster with a private CA, Kubernetes can install a signed TLS certificate on the controller, allowing it to serve as the cluster's end-point for external communications. Communications between the load balancer and the ingress controller are encrypted, and after ingress, data passes unencrypted to the cluster's resources.

3. Termination at a pod.

>     Each pod is a group of one or more containers (for example, Docker containers) that share storage and network resources. If you have installed both cert-manager and aws-privateca-issuer, and provisioned the cluster with a private CA, Kubernetes can install a signed TLS certificates on pods as needed. A TLS connection terminating at a pod is unavailable by default to other pods in the cluster.

Reviewer: Suggestion: (remove reference to Docker containers as docker is getting removed as container runtime)
```suggestion
    Each pod is a group of one or more containers that share storage and network resources. If you have installed both cert-manager and aws-privateca-issuer, and provisioned the cluster with a private CA, Kubernetes can install a signed TLS certificates on pods as needed. A TLS connection terminating at a pod is unavailable by default to other pods in the cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: Change applied in AWS tech docs.

4. Secure communications between pods.

    You can also provision multiple pods with certificates that allow them to communicate with one another. The following scenarios are possible:

>     * Provisioning with Kubernetes-generated, self-signed certificates. This secures communications between pods, but self-signed certificates do not satisfy HIPAA or FIPS requirements.

Reviewer 3: The comma here is problematic (commas should be for lists of 3) `Kubernetes-generated, self-signed certificates`
